Add info on how the cluster autoscaler works (#38894)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-autoscaler-about.adoc

Ensure that the `maxNodesTotal` value in the `ClusterAutoscaler` resource definition that you create is large enough to account for the total possible number of machines in your cluster. This value must encompass the number of control plane machines and the possible number of compute machines that you might scale to.
====

Every 10 seconds, the cluster autoscaler checks which nodes are unnecessary in the cluster and removes them. The cluster autoscaler considers a node for removal if the following conditions apply:

> * The sum of cpu and memory requests of all pods running on the node is smaller than 50% of the allocatable of a node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The sum of CPU and memory requests of all pods running on the node is less than 50% of the allocated resources on the node.
```

Suggestion for simplification. I'm a native English speaker and I wasn't sure what "allocatable of a node" meant.

Author: Acked

* The cluster autoscaler can move all pods running on the node to the other nodes.

> * The cluster autoscaler does not have scale-down disabled annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The cluster autoscaler does not have scale-down disabled annotation.
```

Please verify whether "scale-down" should be hyphenated. I would double check with CLI/UI to make sure.

Author: Changing `scale-down` to `scale down` since elsewhere in the docs, it is mentioned as `scale down`.

Author: Acked
